Monthly
Annually
USD
INR
EUR
GBP
JPY
SGD
AUD
AED
SAR
MXN
ZAR
NGN
KES
EGP
CAD
USD
INR
EUR
GBP
JPY
SGD
AUD
AED
SAR
MXN
ZAR
NGN
KES
EGP
CAD
Free
₹
0
3 users
Start Now
Free
Features List
Forever free
Contact management
Manage all contacts important to your business in one place. No more scattered business cards.
Follow-up reminders
Stay on track with timely reminders to follow-up on a lead.
Workflow automation
Automate repetitive tasks with workflows. From routing leads to the right rep to updating fields when a deal is closed.
Custom email templates
Personalize emails to fit the tone of your business. Get up to 10 custom emai templates for free.
Tasks, meetings & calls
Track all sales activities in Zoho CRM. Get reminders so don't miss.
Data import and export
Import data from spreadsheets for free. Export data from Zoho CRM for up to 10 times for free.
Standard reports
View your business performance in one place with powerful reports.
APIs
Connect Zoho CRM to any app and perform actions with 5000 API calls/day.
Mobile apps
Sell more on the go with Zoho CRM's mobile app.
Standard
₹
800
/user/month
FREE TRIAL
Standard
Features List
Small team, getting started
Email integration & mass emails
Send emails via Gmail, Outlook, Zoho Mail, and other popular email services, directly from Zoho CRM.
Built-in calling
Make, receive, and log sales calls directly inside Zoho CRM.
Multiple sales pipelines
Track multiple sales operations with different stages without any clutter.
Calendar integration
Schedule and book meetings from within Zoho CRM.
Data capture via forms
Generate leads from anywhere with built-in forms.
Sales forecasting
Set your team for long-term success with achievable goals and keep track of business performance.
Data enrichment
Enrich your records to get more context about your leads like company size, industry, revenue, and more.
Custom modules
Build custom modules to hold data unique to your business.
HIPAA compliance
Store and manage patient or health-related data in Zoho CRM without risking regulatory violations.
Gmail and Outlook integration
Integrate Gmail, Outlook, Zoho Mail, and other popular email service providers with Zoho CRM.
Slack, Zoom, Teams integration
Integrate popular video conferencing and collaboration tools with Zoho CRM.
Most Popular
Professional
₹
1,400
/user/month
FREE TRIAL
Professional
Features List
Growing team, needs automation
AI agents
Build and deploy AI agents that execute tasks on your behalf for any business use case.
Process management
Standardize and automate your sales processes.
Inventory management
Manage all your invoices, sales and purchase orders, products, and vendors.
Predictive intelligence
Predict the likelihood of a lead converting, a deal closing, or a customer churning.
Unlimited reports
Stay informed about your business performance with unlimited reports.
Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ)
Match products to customer requirements and streamline quote management with built-in price rules.
Custom portals
Use portals to grant customers, partners, and vendors access to relevant information in your CRM.
Customer journeys
Build end-to-end, dynamic customer journeys that give your customers a memorable experience.
Web-to-case forms
Resolve customer issues with web-to-case forms that convert problems into support tickets that your reps can follow.
Customer portals
Extend Zoho CRM to your contacts, vendors, or partners with portals.
Google Ads integration
Manage Google Ads campaigns from within Zoho CRM.
Enterprise
₹
2,400
/user/month
FREE TRIAL
Enterprise
Features List
Running a mature sales org
Multi-team management
Manage multiple sales teams across territories.
Reporting hierarchy
Give every manager a real-time view of only their team's pipeline and performance.
Custom buttons and functions
Create custom buttons and functions to extend the capabilities of Zoho CRM.
Extended field types
Capture the exact data your business needs. Move beyond standard forms. Add file uploads, checkboxes, date ranges, and more.
Sequential data collection
Walk your sales team through a structured, step-by-step process so every deal gets worked the same way and nothing falls through the cracks.
Approval process
Ensure deals move on only after the right person approves it.
Account Based Marketing
Segment your accounts to identify up-sell and cross-sell opportunities.
Developer sandbox
Securely test the changes without affecting production data in a sandbox environment.
Field-level encryption
Protect sensitive customer data at a field-level.
Extended AI capabilities
Gain insights, predictions, and recommendations from Zia.
QuickBooks integration
Sync QuickBook records with Zoho CRM and create quotes and invoices easily.
Local taxes may apply.
Check your price estimate here
Local taxes (VAT, GST, etc.) will be charged in addition to the prices mentioned.
Compare Zoho CRM features
across all editions
Bigin Express
₹
2,400
/user/month
FREE TRIAL
EXPLORE BIGIN
Bigin Express
Features List
First-timer, moving from spreadsheets
Sales pipeline
Track your sales operations by stages with pipelines in Bigin.
Email integration
Connect Gmail, Outlook, Zoho Mail, and other popular email services directly to Bigin.
Built-in calling
Make, receive, and record sales calls without leaving Bigin.
Calendar integration
Manage your day better by syncing your Google Calendar and Microsoft Calendar with Bigin.
Appointment scheduling
Create a no-code online page to capture meeting and appointment bookings.
Social Ads integration
Capture and convert leads from Instagram, TikTok, Google, LinkedIn, and Facebook ads.
Payment collection
Collect payments easily via Stripe and PayPal integrations.
Custom fields
Create custom fields unique to your business.
Tags
Segment, filter, and find your leads faster by adding tags.
QuickBooks integration
Generate, share, and track invoices and estimates right from Bigin. Keep your sales and finance teams on the same page.
Zoho CRM Plus
Sales, marketing, service in one unified package.
Starts at
$20
/user/month
FREE TRIAL
Looking to switch CRMs? We make it easy
Migrate Now
Join
250,000+
other businesses
START FREE TRIAL NOW
Buy Now
Frequently Asked Questions
Expand All
Collapse All
Can I get a demo of
Zoho CRM?
Yes, we would be happy to demonstrate
Zoho CRM
through a web-conference at your convenience. The demo is a one hour session. To schedule your personal session, please contact
sales@zohocorp.com.
Is my data safe?
We’re fervent about keeping your data safe and secure. Our facilities feature stringent 24/7/365 security with video monitoring, biometric access, and advanced fire, flood, and theft monitoring systems. Our network security system employs the latest encryption and intrusion detection and prevention technologies.
Learn more about Zoho's data protection measures.
What types of payment do you accept?
We accept payment via Visa, MasterCard, American Express and PayPal. We also accept payment via bank transfer or check transfer for yearly subscriptions. For more details, please contact
sales@zohocorp.com.
Does
Zoho CRM
support multiple languages?
Yes, we support 28 languages: Arabic, English (US), English (UK), Bulgarian, Bahasa Indonesian, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Croatia (Hrvatski), Czech, Dutch (Nederland), Danish, French, German (Deutsch), Hungarian (Magyar), Hindi, Italiano (Italy), Japanese, Polish (Polish), Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Russian, Spanish (Espanol), Swedish(Svenska), Thai, Turkish, Vietnamese, Korean, Hebrew.
How flexible are your contracts?
You are not bound by any contracts or commitments.
Zoho CRM
is a pay-as-you-go service (monthly or yearly), so you can make changes to your plan whenever you need to.
Can I switch plans?
Of course you can! Log in to
Zoho CRM,
click the Upgrade link on the Home page, and follow the steps on the Subscription page to switch to a new plan.
How do you support businesses signing up for
Zoho CRM
?
For customers of our paid editions, you automatically have access to our Classic support. You also have the option to opt-in for one of our paid support plans that promises faster responses, round the clock support, dedicated on-boarding and more.
Explore support plans
Do you provide any assistance in getting
Zoho CRM
set up and running for our business?
Yes, we do have end-to-end services that cover everything from requirement gathering to setup and onboarding. We have dedicated programs for SMEs and Enterprises, so that the different requirements and needs are addressed effectively.
Explore Jumpstart
Explore Zoho EBS
Are there any other editions in Zoho CRM?
Yes, Zoho CRM has an Ultimate edition tailored for large-scale, bespoke deployments with highest possible feature limits, consultation with experts, and migration assistance. Check out the feature comparison page to
learn more.
Does Zoho CRM have a free edition?
Yes, Zoho CRM does have free edition that supports upto 3 users and comes with the essentials like leads, documents, and mobile apps, it’s a perfect fit for your home business.
Get started here
Have more questions?
You can connect with us instantly through live chat (24x5) or by writing to us at
sales@zohocorp.com.